bl_storage: Fix nv_counters bug with FIH (#12452)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/known_issues.rst

The issues in this section are related to :ref:`Bootloaders <app_bootloaders>`.

.. rst-class:: v2-4-0 v2-4-1 v2-4-2

> NCSDK-23761: MCUboot fails to boot when both :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_FIH_PROFILE_LOW` options are enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NCSDK-23761: MCUboot fails to boot when both the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_FIH_PROFILE_LOW` Kconfig options are enabled.
```

>   The MCUboot downgrade prevention mechanism relies on platform specific implementation of hardware security counters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The MCUboot downgrade prevention mechanism relies on platform-specific implementation of hardware security counters.
```

  The |NCS| implementation of the hardware security counters is not compatible with the fault injection hardening code (FIH) of MCUboot.

>   In |NCS| the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_FIH_PROFILE_LOW` of MCUboot is enabled by default for TF-M builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In the |NCS|, the Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_FIH_PROFILE_LOW` of MCUboot is enabled by default for TF-M builds.
```

>   The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION` of MCUboot can be enabled in |NCS| with the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HARDWARE_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You can enable the MCUboot Kconfig option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION`
 in the |NCS| using the option :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HARDWARE_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION`.
```

>   **Workaround:** To fix the issue, disable :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_FIH_PROFILE_LOW` in MCUboot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  **Workaround:** To fix the issue, disable either the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_MCUBOOT_HW_DOWNGRADE_PREVENTION` or :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BOOT_FIH_PROFILE_LOW` Kconfig option in MCUboot.
```
